Crypto talk and blockchain walk.
>> Let's do it.
>> After a nice little relaxing session on
the bean bags,
>> much needed.
>> Have you been finding yourself walking
around and talking to everybody today?
>> Definitely. Yeah, it's it's not as busy
as yesterday, but still a lot of people
at East Denver.
>> Yeah. So, we have Ashton here. How would
people know about you if they don't
already?
>> They've probably seen some interviews or
videos of me on my YouTube channel.
We've done over 1500 videos since 2014
from one blockchain protocol or another
scrolling X or on YouTube seen the
videos.
>> Um I guess like before we get into
what's going on here with for an OG
content creator, this is what like your
fourth cycle now
>> I guess. So yeah, if you do every four
years, 3 to four years, starting in 2014
when the market cap of the entire crypto
industry was not even as big as one
altcoin,
uh if you survive past then to the 2017
cycle and then two more crashes, three
if you count the one we're in right now,
depending on your view of the market,
>> we're in a crash. Yeah.
>> So yeah, three crashes plus the
beginning, we're into the fourth cycle
here. So, I think like the number one
thing that I want to know from you
selfishly
is how do you keep the the drive for
wanting to be here? Every cycle we see
charlatans come about. We see the next
blockchain project that's going to
revolutionize everything and then 95% of
the time, everything fails. The
narrative is never different. We see
familiar faces come and go. We see
people who made it who shouldn't have.
What like is your why? What's your
drive? Why are you still here after all
these years?
Any startup is going to go through
adversity. You look at the the dot days
90 you know or any power law of any
portfolio 90% of projects die or 95%.
You know, it you could give the same
question to like Jeff Bezos from Amazon.
>> You know, it's like why are you
continuing to do this when bubble is
popped now? Okay, now we're the largest
company in the world cuz we believed in
the internet and we believe in
blockchain technology as the next
version of the internet and the next
version of money. Combining that
together with the financial industry is
inevitable. It's just a matter of doing
it properly and in the right time. And
of course, it's not going to happen
overnight. Just as the dot bubble took
10 plus years for all the companies to
try and die and then eventually the use
cases get worked out. Now with the rise
of AI, we're seeing the next level of
technology integration into the world.
And a lot of people at ETH Denver are
talking about AI agents. Yeah. And you
know, some of the smart ones are talking
about what about the payment
infrastructure for physical AI, for
physical robots, the X42.
>> Yes.
>> And these other ways that how are we
going to pay? They're not going to the
agents not going to have a bank account
and be like only operating 9 to5, you
know, it's going to be through crypto
and it's just a matter of getting that.
That's what's one of the things they're
working on right now. So it's everything
takes time and we under we understand
that yeah there's going to be trials and
tribulations. There's going to be
overvaluations of companies and hype and
an S-curve for adoption that's been
known much before crypto. So it's just
the natural progression of things.
>> Yeah, totally. Um I guess uh there's a
two-part question coming here. What
first excited you about crypto that
you're still excited about today?
>> Well, that's
it's a good question because I think one
of the major frustrations that everyone
has is being able to send money whenever
they want and owning it yourself is
obviously a good thing and it's nice to
have, but trying to send money to
somebody at night or send a small amount
without having to pay fees, it's been an
obvious use case since from the
beginning.
>> Yeah. you know, it's like, "Hey, I want
to buy something from you or from a
store. Let's pay with crypto um and not
have to rely on an app that you're not
really holding your own money." You
know, if you go to the bank and try to
ask them for your money, there's 21
questions and then they still don't want
to give you your own money cuz it's not
your money,
>> right?
>> But the the coins in your wallet,
depending on what blockchain and what
crypto, for the most part, uh are your
funds. So, that's a huge advantage. You
know, that's
>> fundamental difference in what we see in
money. Yeah. And then I guess you were
just kind of hinting on the rise of the
AI agentic narrative, but what today is
exciting you about crypto that you did
not think would excite you when you
first got into the space? M
well the tokenization of the stock
market has always been exciting
but of course that's that's a big thing
but there's going to be many other
there's so much to the traditional
financial industry you know the money
market and private equity first before
public stock there's a lot of things
that are happening which are exciting um
that evolutions that need to happen
before we can get you know the tokenized
version of the NASDAQ. That's going to
happen. It It's coming sooner. But over
the last few cycles, you know, I recall
being in the Bahamas 2018 for the
security token summit. 2018 was the year
of security tokens.
>> STOs.
>> Yeah. The STOs.
>> Well, that was like many, many years ago
at this point. And we still don't really
have an exchange for securities that has
liquidity. Uh and we're still working on
you know some now with real world assets
some companies are starting to tokenize
their private stock. It can be
transferred to other people privately
more efficiently but public stock market
that's something really big that is
still in the works and of course there's
a lot of moving parts to that.
>> Yeah. All right. Well is this your first
this isn't your first Eve Denver.
>> It actually is. Oh my god. Yeah. I've
been to some major conferences. you
know, I did a huge cycle in 2017,
but um this one I I had uh other um
other commitments for for some of the
previous ETH Denvers, and I'm not going
to shame you.
>> I took a I took some hiatus off to to do
some digital nomad traveling. uh
postcoid uh I was still building in the
space doing episodes of cryptocoin show
and bringing awareness to blockchain
projects that are innovating uh over
over the years the whole time you know 5
to 10 episodes per week
>> and that's how we got to 1500 videos but
uh in terms of East Denver as my first
time here thankfully I'm glad to be here
a lot of builders uh which you know with
AI agents now seems to one of the major
topics alongside Ethereum. Of course,
>> there's so many more builders cuz people
can start building things and they don't
really need to have any technical
expertise.
>> So, it's amazing to see a lot of people
are building stuff uh here.
>> So, for better or worse, is this living
up to the hype and expectations that
might have been made? Yeah, I think I
think it's it is, you know, it you don't
want to have
too much overhyped retail uh or newbie
interest,
>> you know, and yeah, you want the retail
to come in to be your liquidity maybe.
Um, but it's great that there's more
builders here and you know, if I can,
one of the recent conferences I was at
was at the Bitcoin Vegas last year in
2025, right? And there was like 20 to
30,000 people. You know, the vice
president was there and it was a lot of
retail, a lot of hype. Um, but not a lot
of building going on. And this is a lot
more fundamentals here. So, I'm
impressed with it.
>> Cool, man. Um, another selfish question
for myself. If somebody out there is
deciding that they want to start getting
into web 3 and crypto content, what's
other than posting uh five to 10 times a
week, what's a piece of advice that you
have for somebody who's out there trying
to grow an audience?
>> I think building a niche in the type of
sort of subindustry in blockchain that
they're personally interested in. What
are some of the coins that you first got
interested in and maybe you bought some,
you know, was it was it DeFi? Was it
some subsector of an industry that may
not be related to blockchain, but how
blockchain is innovating on that. Find
something that you're interested in. Of
course, if you're going to be making
content, and it needs to be what you're
interested in. If you're just interested
in investing in general,
talk to the founders, look for early
stage projects or upcoming token sales,
things like that. Sort of hone in on
that. Or if it's the markets and
trading, there's always there's always
room for more content creators. You
know, I have friends that started way
after me and are way bigger and it's
never too late to start.
>> Awesome. Ashton, thanks for your time,
man.
>> I appreciate it.
>> Cheers.